First, I’m not vegan to be vegan or part of a community.
Within 5 seconds, Unnatural Vegan mentions the topic you are talking about
in an open straight and down to earth tone I might be notorious: community.
I have made several videos where I talk about what it means
say ‘vegans are a community’, have we ever been or
will we ever be a community?
Unnatural Vegan states that community is not a significant factor for him
it is not his goal or concern.
I deviate from him on that point, and it’s not a critique of him, but
a personal difference that I believe is worth considering. I will strive for more.
I am greedy, I want to correct the Community.
The Mothers Against Drunk Driving community has at least one office in each
In the US state, the US has 50 states, they have more than 50
a functioning and open office, they have them, we don’t.
Tell me: in 2016, which is the more important message
Mothers Against Drunk Driving or Veganism?
The answer is veganism.
Although still in the 1980s there was a dispute where
MADD was an important lobbyist, today veganism is a message that
indeed needs 50 offices in the United States.
I lived through a time when sexual minorities rose
from peripheral areas to influence.
When I lived in Toronto, there were a variety of locations for Sexual Minorities
offices for sexual minorities. I remember one who focused
lesbian rights, and many different politically oriented ones.
And when the debates happened, the media went to interview
these foundations.
They were non-profit political associations.
For example, if a police commissioner said something homophobic,
the media went for an interview.
“Asking for its sexual minority organization, its support group
opinion on this matter. "This is the right community.
It was one side and a part of Toronto’s fixed sexual minority
community, they had neighborhoods, buildings, offices,
they had lawyers, nightclubs, festivals (I mean now Toronto
sexual minority, not all were the same.)
There were many well-organized gay communities, and media
could reach them.
It would be different if we were at the level of MADD. It would be different if we were
at the same level as the Jews of British Columbia.
Jews are a tiny minority in this part of Canada.
They have business premises, they have decent organizations,
they have grants and all sorts of benefits for people from cradle to grave.
And most of all, you can go there and take part in a picnic and talk to others
people face to face. Everything from fundraising to charity can
make a big impression. I want it all, I want a decent community
and I see no reason to suggest that I did not want it or that I would not appreciate it.
I see no reason to suggest that veganism is entirely satisfactory to me,
if it’s just a diet or something I maintain in privacy, without
political sanctions.
I am a Jew about my heritage, I nihilistic atheist beliefs.
Nevertheless, my family and my life would benefit me more
pretends to be a believing Jew, begins to participate in the synagogue,
because Judaism in Canada can provide me with the right community.
Everything from picnics to nursing homes.
From picnics to private schools and nursing homes, from cradle to grave.
The benefits of lifelong benefits are Judaism,
Mormonism, all sorts of mindless ideologies based on
your faith in a God that does not exist are based on your prayers, which never will be
come to hear unless you say your prayers on Youtube.
Then your Youtube followers can hear you.
I look at groups like Mormons and think “I want all this, I want to
what you people have ".
There is no problem for Mormons to organize
200 people picnic.
For me, even that is not enough. There is no problem for Mormons to organize
fundraising for orphans, setting up a charity,
embark on a project and change the world.
I want it, I want the same for vegans. I care about the whole life cycle,
from cradle to grave. I have a 3 year old daughter, I don’t see her often.
He lives in Europe, I live in China. Nevertheless - where my daughter goes
where does my daughter go to school, where does she go to day care?
Where do I go to the nursing home or where
my grandparents go?
From cradle to grave.
The problems of gay legal activism also change over time.
In the recent past, gay communities have experienced severe setbacks,
and now gay communities can celebrate battles won. In Canada,
Saudi Arabia is another matter. In several
gay rights are still the starting point,
don't get me wrong. But Canada is one of the first states to have
achieved equal marriage law, legal
the fight has been fought for equal rights.
These battles have essentially already been won.
The battles for veganism are just beginning.
Where is that office? Where is that neighborhood, that nightclub?
Where is that nursing home and kindergarten? I want it all.
I fundamentally more ambitious than Unnatural Vegan, I am not satisfied
to what you call “community,” I’m not happy with a group of self-centered
middle-aged people who give each other thumbs on Facebook, I am not happy
For teens taking bikini pictures on Instagram who
claim to change the world. None of that works for me.
Alright? I want more. Can I have it today? En. Can I have it next year?
En. Do I see it happen before I die? Perhaps.
MADD grew tremendously in a few years, which is the number of Americans really
care about MADD? It is a minority, a small minority
people who support such an organization, amazingly successful.
How many people are worth, to fund Jewish synagogues in Canada?
I do not know, small, small minority. I have spoken Sikh
Within Canada, these are minority religious movements
and again with gays, homosexuality is not a diet, they don’t have to
separate restaurants, but they have! Toronto has a neighborhood
is a gay restaurant, although there is no gay food!
Vegans, we already have a reason to organize business premises for restaurants.
I want it all, from cradle to grave.
From premises to lawyers and political organizations,
sufficiently prestigious foundations to allow for disputes in the state leadership
the media knows who to call. Maybe there are several foundations,
who call veganism in parliament,
in the media, on the street. I want it and I realize that
we are missing it. It’s the right community, and we need to see
work hard to achieve it.